Editlens API Docs (#22)
pangramlabs/pangram-sdk: docs/api/rest.rst

The Inference API allows you to submit text and receive an AI likelihood score.

.. http:post:: https://text.api.pangram.com

  .. warning::

>      Posting to the root route (/) for this endpoint is deprecated. Use the v3 endpoint (below) instead for better performance. This endpoint will be removed by April 1st, 2026.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Posting to the root route (/) for this endpoint is deprecated. Use the v3 endpoint to access the latest version of Pangram. This endpoint will be removed by April 1st, 2026.
```

      "ai_likelihood": 0.92
    }

> .. http:post:: https://text.api.pangram.com/v3

Reviewer: Can put this first?

Author: Done!

  :<json string text: The input text to analyze with Pangram.
  :>json string text: The input text that was analyzed.
  :>json string version: The API version identifier.
  :>json string headline: Classification headline summarizing the result.
  :>json string prediction: Long-form prediction string representing the classification.
  :>json string prediction_short: Short-form prediction string.
  :>json float fraction_ai: Fraction of text classified as AI-written (0.0-1.0).
  :>json float fraction_ai_assisted: Fraction of text classified as AI-assisted (0.0-1.0).
  :>json float fraction_human: Fraction of text classified as human-written (0.0-1.0).
  :>json int num_ai_segments: Number of text segments classified as AI.
  :>json int num_ai_assisted_segments: Number of text segments classified as AI-assisted.
  :>json int num_human_segments: Number of text segments classified as human.

>   :>json array windows: List of text segments (windows) analyzed individually. Each window contains the window text, label (descriptive classification like "AI-Generated", "Moderately AI-Assisted"), ai_assistance_score (float between 0 and 1), confidence (string like "High", "Medium", "Low"), start_index, end_index, word_count, and token_length.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :>json array windows: List of text segments (windows) analyzed individually. Each window contains the window text, label (descriptive classification like "AI-Generated", "Moderately AI-Assisted"), ai_assistance_score (float between 0 and 1, where 0 means no AI assistance and 1.0 means AI-generated), confidence (string like "High", "Medium", "Low"), start_index, end_index, word_count, and token_length.
```

Reviewer: Add descriptor on how to interpret `ai_assistance_score`
